feat(curriculum): add merge sort project to Python curriculum (#52469)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-data-structures-by-building-the-merge-sort-algorithm/6569b20f829b7e69d43c232a.md

---
id: 6569b20f829b7e69d43c232a
title: Step 15
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

The last thing to do for the `while` loop is to move to the next index in the sorted array.

> Using the increment operator, add 1 to the value of `sorted_index`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the augmented assignment addition operator, add 1 to the value of `sorted_index`
```
